README.md, before:

## Will's Solution for HackerRank's Save Princess Challenge

To run my solution in HackerRank, navigate to [the challenge](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/saveprincess), log in to your account and follow these steps:
- Scroll down to the bottom of the page
- Select 'Ruby' from the drop-down list of languages above the code editor window
- Delete the code from lines 3 - 5 in the code editor
- In a separate tab or window, navigate to [my solution](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wmedders21/save_princess/main/lib/save_princess.rb)
- Copy/paste my solution into line 3 of the code editor on Hackerrank.
- Click the button labeled `Run Code`
- Now click the `play` button below the game grid.

To run my testing suite (assuming you have Git and Ruby installed):
- In your bash/zsh terminal, download my repository by running: 
```shell
git clone git@github.com:wmedders21/save_princess.git
```
- Navigate to the project directory by running the following command:
```shell
cd save_princess
```
- Install RSpec locally by running:
```shell
gem install rspec
```
- Now you can run the tests by simply typing the following command:
```shell
rspec
```

Commit message:

Update README with instructions for both challenges

README.md, after:

# Will's Solution for HackerRank Challenges
### Bot Saves Princess

To run my solution in HackerRank, navigate to [the challenge](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/saveprincess), log in to your account and follow these steps:
- Scroll down to the bottom of the page
- Select 'Ruby' from the drop-down list of languages above the code editor window
- Delete the code from lines 3 - 5 in the code editor
- In a separate tab or window, navigate to [my solution](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wmedders21/save_princess/main/lib/save_princess.rb)
- Copy/paste my solution into line 3 of the code editor on HackerRank.
- Click the button labeled `Run Code`
- Now click the `play` button below the game grid.

### Bot Saves Princess 2
To run my solution in HackerRank, navigate to [the challenge](https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/saveprincess2), log in to your account and follow these steps:
- Scroll down to the bottom of the page
- Select 'Ruby' from the drop-down list of languages above the code editor window
- Delete the code from lines 3 - 5 in the code editor
- In a separate tab or window, navigate to [my solution](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wmedders21/save_princess/main/lib/save_princess_2.rb)
- Copy/paste my solution into line 3 of the code editor on HackerRank.
- Click the button labeled `Run Code`
- Now click the `play` button below the game grid.

### Test Suite
To run my testing suite for both challenges (assuming you have Git and Ruby installed):
- In your bash/zsh terminal, download my repository by running: 
```shell
git clone git@github.com:wmedders21/save_princess.git
```
- Navigate to the project directory by running the following command:
```shell
cd save_princess
```
- Install RSpec locally by running:
```shell
gem install rspec
```
- Now you can run the tests by simply typing the following command:
```shell
rspec
```
